TODO:

1. Implement a command-line option to use MAT to strip the files of
identifying metadata. MAT is only packaged in Debian at the moment, so
this isn't a very portable solution.

2. At present, 2-factor authentication is not supported. (There's a
purported guide available, but I don't think this works with Yale:
http://www.qed42.com/blog/using-curl-webdav-two-factor-authentication)
The workaround is to make sure you have already logged in to
classesv2 and have checked to stay logged in for a day, or to run
this script on Yale campus.

3. At present, the best we can do is output the files with the
student's uid. It would be great to correlate uid with email addresses
automatically. The way to do this is to manually download the .xls
roster from classesv2. Then if libreoffice is installed we can run:

libreoffice --headless --convert-to-csv $xls-file --outdir $outdir

Then we can parse the csv file to correlate uid with email addresses
or student names. At present I haven't implemented this because of its
dependence on more specific software and because of the lack of an
automated way to download the roster. I could add it as an interactive
switch at the end of deanonymizer.bash.

4. At present, anonymizer.bash downloads and anonymizes the entire
class's assignments. It would be good to implement this for specific
sections or for specific TFs. Unfortunately, this information is not
available in the WebDAV PROPs.

The way to implement this is to have TFs manually download .zip files
of all the dropboxes they want to grade. (More accurately, make a zip,
then download it by clicking on it - the interface is non-intuitive.)
Then a modified anonymizer-by-section.bash would take this zip, open
it up, correlate filenames with uids by using the PROPFIND interface,
and then anonymize as before. I hope to implement this soon.